Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Helena Rouhe: Hi, how are you
Brian Riley: I'm good.
Brian Riley: How are you
Helena Rouhe: I am good.
Brian Riley: The day just kind of turned into like
Brian Riley: eggs. Eggs.
Eggs.
Brian Riley: Turned into a quest.
Brian Riley: So I just ran on
Brian Riley: Okay.
Brian Riley: I'm just kind of sit
Brian Riley: In a remote area. Okay.
Brian Riley: I was glad to see that.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: There's no particular really
Brian Riley: Back to back the way I'm seeing
Brian Riley: More of a feather lately, you know,
Brian Riley: There's
Brian Riley: Definitely feeling the impact of the absence
Brian Riley: I mean, it's getting
Brian Riley: too windy.
Helena Rouhe: No, it's okay, it's just saying
Brian Riley: I kind of giggle because there are times when I'm outside at the barn and if I'm by the horses.
Brian Riley: windblown things
Brian Riley: We are risky.
Brian Riley: I don't know where the microphone.
Helena Rouhe: It is right next to, well, I'm just looking at your headphones.
So,
Helena Rouhe: Like a little button where you can change the volume. So it would
Be
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So then it's probably
Brian Riley: In one sense.
Helena Rouhe: So unless you cut your ears.
Brian Riley: Yeah, just pretty well.
Brian Riley: I mean,
Brian Riley: I can, I can survive that. But yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: So I don't know where, where do we start there's, it's been so weird, like every day is its own thing and it is totally like
Brian Riley: I, you know, a reoccurring feeling of
Brian Riley: Horror, you know, like, Yeah, and it's it's all news related and and
Brian Riley: It's a very, very fucking strange experience. I don't know if it's because I have that
Brian Riley: That cinema background, you know, but when I'm in the car and I'm driving and I hear those newscasts
Brian Riley: It's surreal.
Brian Riley: You know, and they're just getting fucking crazier like the one that I heard was like topped it all, like, an hour ago, and I just don't know what to do it.
Brian Riley: And I guess I'm just like out to something like that, you know, he's talking about the next two weeks being really fucking crazy and hard and like all these people dying and shit and
Brian Riley: And the
Brian Riley: It's just, it's horrifying. Yeah.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, I don't think
Brian Riley: At the same time, though, it's
Brian Riley: Good. I'm sorry. No, not necessarily. Go ahead. At the same time,
Brian Riley: Not the same time I'm like really, really good.
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: You know, like
Brian Riley: That like I'm adapting really fucking easily to it. Yeah, so much that I think that's what you need to focus on is focused on your own immediate well
Helena Rouhe: Being and are you able to kind of take care of your day to day
Helena Rouhe: Because that's what you have more control over.
Helena Rouhe: As much as we have control over anything that's going on right now. We have control over how we spend our time and how we spend our energy so
Helena Rouhe: We're all under very interesting constrictions for all sorts of reasons. And I think it's important to
Helena Rouhe: I don't want to advocate the people be ignorant to what's going on, and at the same time, if it's like you've acknowledged.
Helena Rouhe: It's
Helena Rouhe: It's too. It's very stressful. So it becomes too stressful, which is up to you to figure out what that means.
Brian Riley: Then
Helena Rouhe: You need to maybe take a break from the news and at the same time, I don't want to advocate.
Helena Rouhe: For you to be, you know, ignorant and not be aware of what's going on and and so it was it and it's going to change so much is going on in such short periods of time that it is
Helena Rouhe: Hard to kind of mitigate that or manage that and there. It's so much of it is unknown, and I think the reason why we're all spooked is that we've all seen these kind of
Helena Rouhe: A lack for a better word apocalyptic kind of zombie weird movies where you you get a little bit almost desensitized to it because it's it's that it's, you know, that's a
Helena Rouhe: That's another world. That's something else that's movie. And now, on some level, it feels a little bit like we've entered that you know i mean that that makes sense. But I think we
Helena Rouhe: Human beings we try and make sense of things right. That is our way of surviving something so our context in this world is to relate things to
Helena Rouhe: Cinema or stories that we've heard you and I are my movie buffs. So we're probably going to go to movies and things that we've seen a little bit quicker than say somebody else who's maybe
Helena Rouhe: A book buff and they're going to go to certain books or certain stories or, you know, so we're all going to, but we all have to find some
Helena Rouhe: Up and before this makes sense in this context, and this is
Helena Rouhe: Unique to the world. I mean, this is not ever happened world history where we've all been so connected via the internet and social media to know what is going on in real time around the world.
Helena Rouhe: And within our own country and it is affecting everyone. This is a global pin. This is a global situation. And so it is
Helena Rouhe: It is a surreal time it is unique and there is nothing really to compare it to. So then what
Helena Rouhe: Well, if you don't have anything to compare it to. That's going to create too much stress. So we have to find something to make sense of it in order to kind of manage the anxiety of it. If it's too alien
Helena Rouhe: It's, you know, those are the kinds of moments where people can really just kind of check out, they just
Helena Rouhe: So you have. So we all as a way to kind of manage this like, what is going on. We have to find something to connect it to so that we can
Helena Rouhe: Try and rationalize our way through it mean so for somebody who's a proper well this is something I need to prep for so then they just prep right so I'm in a prep, or I'm going to go to my thing or whatever, you know,
Helena Rouhe: Everyone's going to have their ways of managing it. And I think that's
Helena Rouhe: Another piece of it which we talked about last night in group is just one way. That's really important for everyone, regardless of who you are and how you do things is to keep some sort of a routine.
Helena Rouhe: And and really keep that and make sure that that routine is working for you and it's not an unhealthy routine.
Helena Rouhe: But a routine. That's important to
Helena Rouhe: You yeah and
Brian Riley: So it's
Helena Rouhe: Really important.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: I stayed up willingly till three last night finishing my list.
Brian Riley: And it wasn't, it wasn't because I had too much, just to kind of day, that it was it just ran out of time for this or that or whatever. And I could have easily left it.
Brian Riley: Without issue and
Brian Riley: I said, no, you know, it's no
Brian Riley: No, I said that I'm going to do every day. So like
Brian Riley: What's on my board is I'll tell you, extra
Brian Riley: It's a whatever poem illustrated home I'm working on.
Brian Riley: Is a half hour that during the day and then after that is the another project I'm working on exploring, whatever. And that's about a half hour that
Brian Riley: And then
Brian Riley: Three illustrations
Brian Riley: Of whatever body.
Brian Riley: Administrative which is
Brian Riley: Or my organizer and like
Brian Riley: Making a call and a fellow or make or whatever, you know, for me, I do that for 20 minutes and then the other side I have home.
Brian Riley: So it does like hang a picture or vacuum or put the dishes something
Brian Riley: Yard, which is nothing crazy, but just like mow the lawn or trim, you know, the bush or like whatever
Brian Riley: Hey,
Brian Riley: I'm Esther.
Brian Riley: Which is anything like watching a movie together or getting her rose or whatever, like that.
Brian Riley: Space, which is my studio space sweep the floor fucking something, whatever.
Okay.
Brian Riley: Close either wash or fall or whatever.
Brian Riley: Like that.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: You know, it's not
Brian Riley: Yeah, because it's like, I remember my I was staying with my grandmother and her final year
Brian Riley: She caught me just like watching TV, one day, everything was fine her house, you know,
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: She said, what are you doing everything is going to fall apart.
Brian Riley: It was like insane but it, get it, you know.
Brian Riley: Like, just gotta shift going kind of tight, I guess.
Helena Rouhe: Well, I mean, maybe not tight, but in a positive way.
Right, right.
Helena Rouhe: Keep it organized, because that's what keeps
Helena Rouhe: Us mentally organized so it is
Helena Rouhe: You know you can relate
Helena Rouhe: To this
Helena Rouhe: But
Helena Rouhe: When people are disorganized.
Helena Rouhe: And they have
Helena Rouhe: Too much stuff.
Helena Rouhe: Or clutter, things are out of control, like your mom and the whole hoarding situation.
Helena Rouhe: Then that feels like a reflection of what's going on internally and probably in some ways is so when you externally can manage life internally life becomes more manageable.
Helena Rouhe: And that's why routine is so important. It is important to externally kind of manage different because internally, we're all trying to, you know, figure out what's going on here. And in some ways, probably feel a little bit zombie like ourselves, just like what
Brian Riley: Yeah, because
Helena Rouhe: I mean to act like everything is fine is a bit
Brian Riley: You know, you really can't. You can't can't
Helena Rouhe: I mean, it's a life is Ignorance. Ignorance is bliss. But, I mean, that's, that's, you're gonna have to work hard to be that ignorant at this point.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, it helps to talk about. So, um, check this out.
Brian Riley: This I I was
Brian Riley: beside myself with fury.
Brian Riley: I couldn't. I could not get out of it all day. What happened, I
Brian Riley: I took Dr. Waters prescription to Safeway. Mm hmm.
Brian Riley: It was ready for the 28th.
Brian Riley: And I knew that the 29th would be okay to fill
Brian Riley: So the regular pharmacist wasn't there was another pharmacist.
Brian Riley: And she didn't know me.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: The way. Dr. Waters wrote
Brian Riley: The 28
Brian Riley: She kind of wrote it twice. So it was a little bold.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Brian Riley: Obviously not altered, but it just stood out
Brian Riley: The pharmacist.
Brian Riley: accused me of altering the script.
Brian Riley: And would not deal with me. She turned me away.
Brian Riley: I'm over it now.
Brian Riley: It was
Brian Riley: Everything that thing that bothers me about being treated that way. Yeah.
Brian Riley: And as the day went on, I realized, more and more about the situation.
Brian Riley: And how fucking wrong, it was
Brian Riley: Like, I'm a customer for years. She did not even think to look anything up.
Brian Riley: She treated it like a bomb.
Brian Riley: I was so fucking pissed off.
Brian Riley: A cause the problem with Esther.
Brian Riley: Because when I'm in a bad mood or whatever the fuck and I wasn't like
Brian Riley: But I mean, I had to let it out. You know, I, even I, I, I
Brian Riley: I sent an email to Dr. Waters.
Brian Riley: It was crazy.
Brian Riley: And then
Brian Riley: I debated today on how to handle it with the regular pharmacist yesterday.
Brian Riley: And I didn't say anything. And I just went in and I handed it to her and she had it done in 30 minutes
Brian Riley: And I gave her a thank you
Helena Rouhe: So,
Helena Rouhe: He didn't let her know about the other time.
Brian Riley: There have been so many issues, but this fucking safely that after the last time I threatened to never come back.
Brian Riley: Oh, and I have. So I just don't want to be that guy. It's like after so many times, who was me as them and
Brian Riley: You know, I'm sure she stands by your pharmacists yesterday. Right, so I didn't, I didn't say
Brian Riley: I opted. I just wanted to let it go and
Brian Riley: I'm gonna I'm gonna find out the pharmacist named I'm going to write a letter to central office.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, good. Yeah.
Brian Riley: About it.
Brian Riley: Because it was pretty fucking
Brian Riley: I mean she accused me of being a criminal.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: I mean yeah and and it's just ridiculous. I mean, now more than ever, it's important to be empathetic and understanding and look at things and really pay attention not be flippant dismissive and ridiculous. I mean, just
Helena Rouhe: But
Brian Riley: I was talking so crazy.
Helena Rouhe: Not to defend her. But this is another stress reaction, right. So either we as human beings really slow down and pay
Helena Rouhe: Attention to what's going on and are
Helena Rouhe: More conscientious or we're stressed out were rushed and we're flippant and
Helena Rouhe: How intentional that flippancy is
Helena Rouhe: We can't speak to her program, right, we're not going to work. Her side of the street, but at the same time, it's not to say that it wasn't hurtful and that it's completely understandable that you would have
Helena Rouhe: Be upset by it. I, but if we're going to try and kind of reconcile it to your point, let it go. That's a way to do that. I mean, in everybody is stressed out, that is 100% safe.
Helena Rouhe: statement to make. Right. Not that it took
Brian Riley: My sponsor.
Brian Riley: So my sponsor said that. Yeah.
Okay.
Brian Riley: He's. He said, You don't know what he said. Think of it like this, she's waiting to get covert 19
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: Give her the gift of grace, just forgive her for
Brian Riley: She's on the front lines of
Brian Riley: You know, and I didn't realize it was nothing personal.
Brian Riley: But
Brian Riley: That doesn't excuse it, actually, you know, she's accepting professional five says, are you kidding me, you know, like
Brian Riley: You wouldn't look at me, look at my account and just see like what is what. Or I mean I know how it works. You either hold the prescription you hold the prescription and do your checking to do over the phone or
Brian Riley: If you don't, you know, it's like there are so many other things to do before.
Brian Riley: dismissing me from the counter. Mm hmm.
Brian Riley: And then Esther was saying.
Brian Riley: Because I knew
Brian Riley: That it wasn't just a bowl 20
Brian Riley: It was my parents.
Brian Riley: And it was me. It was my goatee and my ponytail.
Brian Riley: And I look like a drug addict.
Helena Rouhe: Why do you say that
Helena Rouhe: And when does that mean
Brian Riley: I mean, I don't know. But let's say you know you line up 10 people 10 types that are going to be at the pharmacy with a big prescription. I look like
Brian Riley: I look like I get it, you know, and
Brian Riley: Oh,
Helena Rouhe: Hold on. So let's take a breath there. So you have acknowledged a concern.
Helena Rouhe: Not too long ago about how
Brian Riley: People may personally tell you
Helena Rouhe: Based on your appearance and that you made an effort to think about your clothing and kind of reconcile
Helena Rouhe: Being able to be a great spirit and be who you are. Okay, so were you kind of rolling in a little old school. The, the day went into the pharmacy. Okay, so
Helena Rouhe: Your core. So a core pain is not being recognized for who you are and people having perceptions of universes, who you think you are right. Well, you know, you are
Helena Rouhe: And being in that situation kind of registered that core pain, even though you weren't actually externally. I mean,
Helena Rouhe: You're in California for crying out loud. It's not like you're in. I don't even know where to come up with
Helena Rouhe: Somewhere like
Brian Riley: I don't even know.
Brian Riley: Different though Brentwood is different. Right. Okay. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: I still feel like, oh, this. This prompted
Brian Riley: This prompted Esther.
Brian Riley: To say
Brian Riley: And this is her problem.
Brian Riley: She's young she's getting over much better, but she's still will never
Brian Riley: Fully
Brian Riley: Not
Brian Riley: Be conforming her solution.
Brian Riley: Was for me to look at myself.
Brian Riley: And find
Brian Riley: A closer
Brian Riley: Estimate
Brian Riley: To normal
Brian Riley: Whatever that
Helena Rouhe: And that's her issue. What does that mean by that.
Helena Rouhe: What do you mean by saying that that's her issues is something you guys have identified in couples therapy and that you're kind of talking about that and
Brian Riley: Discussing that or yeah we're gonna
Brian Riley: We're gonna lead
Brian Riley: Sheet. I mean, that was a big thing with her and the ex husband and she admitted herself that
Brian Riley: She is one to try to
Brian Riley: Fit in rather than
Brian Riley: Stand down
Helena Rouhe: Well, if it was really that important to her. Then she would have connected to somebody who is very for lack of a better word, milk, toasty and blending into the environment and if she really cared about that.
Helena Rouhe: That's what she would have she did not pick somebody like that so
Brian Riley: Something I know, I know.
Helena Rouhe: really likes the that you are unique and
Brian Riley: Individually to do all that. So,
Helena Rouhe: She. So in that sense, I would agree with you. She asked to reconcile what she says versus where she how she acts right that she acted in a way that says I like individual I like somebody who's kind of kind of ball.
Brian Riley: Against the system.
Helena Rouhe: All of that. So, but that's her work to do so in the meantime, going back to you and your concern.
Helena Rouhe: It sounds like already being stressed, as we all are to be in a situation where you feel dismissed kind of really took you right back to this core fear of being poorly perceived or not understood judged dismissed all that negative stuff, you know,
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and that's a place you
Helena Rouhe: Get
Helena Rouhe: Well, that's a place you go when you get super worried and stress and
Helena Rouhe: And so it is important for you right now. It's important for all of us, but it's important for you right now that
Helena Rouhe: Under this stress that all of us face our face that you take extra time and care to take care of yourself because you are more vulnerable.
Helena Rouhe: And this is a good example of that. It doesn't dismiss what you know I don't. It doesn't dismiss that person's behavior. Certainly not. But you are more vulnerable to things like that, then you would be
Under different, sir.
Brian Riley: I realize
Brian Riley: That I am
Brian Riley: Continually I'm actually concerned that I'm not right now.
Brian Riley: I'm continuing I'm out in the world. If I'm not walking the dog.
Brian Riley: I'm continually waiting
Brian Riley: To be confronted and questioned.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: interrogated.
Brian Riley: Constant.
Brian Riley: Stop, I'm waiting to be stopped and question.
Helena Rouhe: Is that because of the circumstances of the world with things feeling very stressful. And so you just don't know or that's this was happening before all of this other stuff was going on.
Helena Rouhe: Has that been since
Helena Rouhe: You had the arrest. We're not the rest. But they're running with the
Brian Riley: Doc or not the dark. Yeah, I told you about there. Yeah, there was a stretch, there were, there was a security guard.
Brian Riley: There's like the stress of like all these fucking authority figures and that was really where, as you know, that's the time she said, you know, tell me what the difference is between you and the guy on the corner.
Brian Riley: In your parents like what is the difference, she said.
Brian Riley: And at that point, that's when I decided to turn dress up
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: But still I wait
Brian Riley: And I just, I always make sure I know where I'm going.
Brian Riley: I know where I'm going. And what I'm doing.
Brian Riley: And what I'm going to say when I'm asked
Brian Riley: I always make sure i know i just i know
Brian Riley: And I mean, it's good thing. It's good to do
Brian Riley: But I have to, I find myself telling myself.
Brian Riley: I can walk by myself without a dog.
Brian Riley: And right I could do
Brian Riley: Because that's what I'm going to say if I need to.
Brian Riley: But there's going to be times where
Brian Riley: I'm going to be making a metal thing.
Brian Riley: And I'm going to have to say I'm an artist and I pick things up from the ground.
Brian Riley: And I build things with them.
Brian Riley: You know and I imagine that will be okay you know
Brian Riley: I mean, these are things that I'm not gonna stop to it. Mm hmm. You know, and that's why if I got a dress wear a nicer shirt to do that if I'm going to be, you know, like if I if I'm going to be a century.
Brian Riley: I, chances are, I'm going to raise eyebrows and I'm going to have a couple over that and
Brian Riley: Where are you going with that metal rock.
You know,
Brian Riley: What's your address.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have like a bag or something like a little canvas bag or something that you can stick stuff in. So it doesn't look like you're just walking along the street with a metal rod or some other kind of random potential weapon.
Brian Riley: If you
Helena Rouhe: Will I mean if you're concerned.
Brian Riley: About, you know, perceiving I
Brian Riley: Make sure I make sure it never looked like I'd be like,
Brian Riley: Okay, I'm not that
Helena Rouhe: Well, I mean,
Helena Rouhe: I think it's it's you're recognizing things and and yet I don't want you to spend your life worrying about what everybody perceives, and at the same time, I think right now.
Helena Rouhe: All recognize it. It's been longer than this, but I think right now it's it's coming potentially coming up for you. More given the circumstances. I mean, everybody's on edge.
Helena Rouhe: Things are more stressful. And so it would be understandable if you're feeling a little bit more defensive, a little bit more anxious about perception right now.
Brian Riley: Yeah, yeah. And it's, I tell you what, it's really I'm getting I'm getting more used to it.
Brian Riley: But it was really bringing up a lot of old stuff when
Brian Riley: People were
Brian Riley: Waiting for me to pass or keeping their distance from me it like it really helps to have the markers at the store now and stuff because like
Brian Riley: Prior to that, when people were doing it. It was bringing up on old stuff, you know, it's like that's what everybody has to do now and it but it took me a while to
Brian Riley: Drop the old feelings of they're keeping their distance from nothing.
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: Now, I kind of dig it, I can. I like I like this.
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: It gives you permission to have space that you probably have always needed
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: But you needed it for different reasons before and now it's a now it's for healthy reasons. So, yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Brian Riley: So,
Helena Rouhe: Brian, you are not crazy.
Brian Riley: You're
Helena Rouhe: A terrible human being.
Helena Rouhe: I know you are really doing good work.
Helena Rouhe: It's a very stressful.
Helena Rouhe: Time and I
Helena Rouhe: Think it's important for you to acknowledge that, too.
Helena Rouhe: And it's understandable that it's
Helena Rouhe: Upsetting and stressful. Yeah.
Brian Riley: And yeah and so not really that
Brian Riley: I've i'm i'm surprised that I was just so emotional
Helena Rouhe: Well then, it's okay. And I think, go slow to go fast. You know, this is, I love that phrase. But I think there's these times, especially
Helena Rouhe: Give yourself a little more space. Give yourself a little bit more time because things are very stressful and even the person who's got the best coping skills on the planet is going to be like right now so
Helena Rouhe: Yes, you're doing great. It's it is going to bring up you know all this stuff, but I think
Helena Rouhe: There would have been a time not too long ago that this would have really shut you down and really given you, you would have been
Helena Rouhe: really struggling and I think that you're doing an amazing job. Given the circumstances or you're doing an amazing job period, especially given the circumstances so
Brian Riley: I understand what you're saying. Yeah. And I thought that's constant constantly think
Helena Rouhe: Okay, good.
Brian Riley: And yeah. Oh, good. I
Helena Rouhe: was just gonna say an animal. So reassuring. So it's understandable that you would feel a little more assured just having a dog with you. I mean, I would
Helena Rouhe: Walking down the street. These days, I would feel a little more comfortable with an animal versus not so
Brian Riley: Yeah yeah
Brian Riley: I got a spawn say
Helena Rouhe: You do. That's exciting.
Brian Riley: Yeah, my sponsor. Yeah, it was um can remember. I don't know if you heard last night. Like when I was saying my gratitude. I was saying. Like I had been secretly kind of really want one.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: I haven't, I haven't, you know, but as of late so helpful to be able to be able to someone, whatever.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, I was hoping
Helena Rouhe: And wondering what that meant. That's exciting.
Brian Riley: Yeah, me too. And so then when I got home last night.
Brian Riley: I sponsor fucking called me and he said he's overloaded. He's got a couple guys coming back whatever he's got this new guy could he could he give him my number.
Brian Riley: Hey, can
Brian Riley: I said, I said, Yeah, definitely. So the guy called me right away and he met today at 430 I got him a little notebook and a pen and again assignments and he's like really excited. He's we're very similar. He's 45 the answer survivor and
Brian Riley: The crazy some of that, you know, and but perfect, you know, and he's he's been through a easily he's at that point where he just can't anymore. No.
Brian Riley: Yeah, and so we got together for like an hour and it changed my day.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah yeah
Brian Riley: I'm going to do.
Helena Rouhe: About it. You're all lit up about it. Now that's awesome very
Brian Riley: Very exciting.
Helena Rouhe: I think ton to be said for being of service to others, especially in times of stress. It really helps to kind of get out of your own head to be of service to somebody else in that moment.
Helena Rouhe: Not forever, but just even having that little break from your own nonsense really does make a huge difference in life. Good for you.
Brian Riley: Yep. Yep, good, good. Perfect timing awesome show that's I guess what I was saying it's like it's a really bad time. But it's also a good time.
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: And focus on the good. Will you survive the bad. I mean, I think.
Helena Rouhe: That's a another great kind of thing to remember because right now there's very little we can do about all this craziness. But what we can do is, is take extra time to make sure we take care of ourselves and the things that matter to us most
Brian Riley: Yeah yeah
Helena Rouhe: All right.
Brian Riley: So, yeah. So there it is.
Brian Riley: Hello.
Helena Rouhe: You're back
Brian Riley: Okay, okay.
Helena Rouhe: Are we gonna say
Brian Riley: Do you want to do it. Can we do every two weeks.
Helena Rouhe: Sure, absolutely.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, let me just pull up my calendar here real quick and
Helena Rouhe: So two weeks from today will be April 14
Helena Rouhe: Does that sound like a good date any reason why that would
Brian Riley: You
Brian Riley: Know, that's good.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. And do you like six o'clock or 530
Helena Rouhe: Kind of done
Brian Riley: You know, it's a six is good. Okay.
Brian Riley: Let's go, cuz I'm in the car, cuz you emailed me
Brian Riley: What I will text you as soon as we get out of here so that you have it. Okay. Yeah.
Perfect.
Helena Rouhe: Alright so April 14 at six, and I'll send you a
Helena Rouhe: Quick text soon as we're done, and
Helena Rouhe: You know, we have group on Monday. So certainly, I'll see you there. And of course, if anything comes up between now and then you'll let me know.
Brian Riley: Yeah, definitely. Okay. And, you know, it's funny as hell. I didn't want to say it front, everybody. Yes.
Brian Riley: But how much does fuckin Dr. PACHTER look like Rick from The Walking Dead.
Brian Riley: I mean, it's a fucking Spitting image.
Helena Rouhe: I had to kind of pull up both images in my
Helena Rouhe: Mind, put them side by side.
Helena Rouhe: Just
Helena Rouhe: Put it in my mind, but I think you think that's hilarious.
Brian Riley: shows me last night he had
Helena Rouhe: Last night, I can see where you would say that because he didn't have a little bit more of a fluffy here thing going. So
Helena Rouhe: That's funny.
Brian Riley: What time
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: It's the small things right. Keep us giggling. We have to find ways to giggle at all this craziness.
Brian Riley: All look, look.
Brian Riley: It's one of those drive by birthday parties. Oh.
Brian Riley: Well, that's
Brian Riley: A Dr. Fail drive by kids birthdays.
Helena Rouhe: Oh I, you know, just this morning I was hearing about this whole drive by phenomenon. We're not really in a drive by environment, but I
Think that's fantastic.
Helena Rouhe: Great way to allow connection.
Brian Riley: Yeah, and we're asterisk. I didn't know about this one. But, uh, I guess. Another thing is parents are driving their kids around to look for teddy bears and window.
Brian Riley: So I gotta go home. I'm gonna make a big teddy bear.
Brian Riley: Yeah, those are fun.
Helena Rouhe: There you go. I love it.
Helena Rouhe: I love that people are finding ways to
Helena Rouhe: Connect and positive that's
Brian Riley: Fantastic. Good for you guys. Good. Love it.
Brian Riley: Alright, thanks so much.
Helena Rouhe: You're very welcome.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: OK, cool. So
Brian Riley: I'll talk to you, probably in two weeks.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, just remember you can always come to group. So if you're starting to feel a little wonky. You're just needing a little extra support please pop in on Monday. Okay.
Brian Riley: Okay, cool.
Alright.
Brian Riley: Thanks.
Helena Rouhe: If not before. Take care.
Brian Riley: Okay you Joe.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, bye.